Quickstart intro cleanup (#582)
dfinity/docs: modules/quickstart/pages/quickstart-intro.adoc

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:outfilesuffix:.adoc]

[[quick-start-intro]]

> This {sdk-long-name} provides tools, sample code, and documentation to help you create canister smart contract dapps to run on the {IC}.

Reviewer: Maybe "canister smart contracts" without "dapps" is sufficient.

```suggestion
This {sdk-long-name} provides tools, sample code, and documentation to help you create canister smart contract dapps and deploy them on the {IC} blockchain mainnet.
```

The _Quick Start_ tutorial assumes that you are installing the {sdk-short-name} for the first time and illustrates how to create, build, and deploy your first dapp. 

To keep the instructions simple and focused on the task at hand, the _Quick start_ is split into two scenarios:

* In the link:local-quickstart{outfilesuffix}[Local development] scenario, you create and deploy the sample dapp with processes that in a _local canister execution environment_.

> * In the link:network-quickstart{outfilesuffix}[On-chain deployment] scenario, you create the sample dapp locally but _connect to the {IC} blockchain_ running on node machines in independent data centers and deploy the dapp there.

Reviewer: Based on [this](https://dfinity.slack.com/archives/C02FV87QYKS/p1632389444118200), I started using "{IC} blockchain mainnet" when is about deploying canisters.

Author: Thanks! I'll use it with "mainnet" once and then {platform}, so it should be easy to replace if we ever change our marketing strategy again :)

> * In the link:network-quickstart{outfilesuffix}[IC deployment] scenario, you create the sample dapp locally but _connect to the {IC} blockchain_ running node machines in independent data centers and deploy the dapp there.

Author: ```suggestion
* In the link:network-quickstart{outfilesuffix}[On-chain deployment] scenario, you create the sample dapp locally but _connect to the {IC} blockchain_ running node machines in independent data centers and deploy the dapp there.
```

> * In the link:network-quickstart{outfilesuffix}[On-chain deployment] scenario, you create the sample dapp locally but _connect to the {IC} blockchain_ running on node machines in independent data centers and deploy the dapp there.

Author: ```suggestion
* In the link:network-quickstart{outfilesuffix}[On-chain deployment] scenario, you create the sample dapp locally but _connect to the {platform}_ running on node machines in independent data centers and deploy the dapp there.
```

If you need some help setting up your development environment—for example, if you aren’t sure how to open a new terminal, install packages, or create folders and navigate between directories—you might want to start with the link:newcomers{outfilesuffix}[Preliminary steps for newcomers].

[[default-app]]
== Default dapp

Both scenarios build and deploy a simple Hello canister smart contract that has just one function—called `+greet+`. The `+greet+` function accepts one text argument and returns the result with a greeting similar to **Hello,{nbsp}everyone!** in a terminal if you run the canister using the command-line or in an alert pop-up window if you access the dapp in a browser.

The default dapp consists of back-end code written in  {proglang}, a programming language specifically designed for interacting with the {IC}, and a simple webpack-based front-end.

== Getting ICP tokens and cycles

> As discussed in link:../developers-guide/concepts/tokens-cycles{outfilesuffix}[Tokens and cycles], *cycles* are required to power canister smart contract operations for dapps running on the {IC}. 

Author: ```suggestion
As discussed in link:../developers-guide/concepts/tokens-cycles{outfilesuffix}[Tokens and cycles], *cycles* are required to power canister smart contract operations for dapps running on the {IC} blockchain. 
```

> As discussed in link:../developers-guide/concepts/tokens-cycles{outfilesuffix}[Tokens and cycles], *cycles* are required to power canister smart contract operations for dapps running on the {IC} blockchain. 

Author: ```suggestion
As discussed in link:../developers-guide/concepts/tokens-cycles{outfilesuffix}[Tokens and cycles], *cycles* are required to power canister smart contract operations for dapps running on the {platform}. 
```

As a developer, you have a few different options for acquiring and managing cycles for your dapps:

* Purchase or claim ICP tokens through an exchange that lists ICP tokens available for trade, then convert your tokens to cycles using the link:network-quickstart{outfilesuffix}#convert-tokens[{sdk-short-name} command-line interface] or the link:https://nns.ic0.app/#/auth[Network Nervous System application].
* Register for cycles by signing up for an account or link:../developers-guide/default-wallet{outfilesuffix}#wallet-create-wallets[cycles wallet] through a provider offering those services.

> * Coordinate with other developers to link:../developers-guide/default-wallet{outfilesuffix}#wallet-send[send] and link:../developers-guide/default-wallet{outfilesuffix}#wallet-receive[receive] cycles directly to and from canisters through a cycles wallet or another dapps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Coordinate with other developers to link:../developers-guide/default-wallet{outfilesuffix}#wallet-send[send] and link:../developers-guide/default-wallet{outfilesuffix}#wallet-receive[receive] cycles directly to and from canisters through a cycles wallet or another canister.
```
